+++
title = "Online Classes Galore!"
description = "A review of the modules I took in AY20/21S1."
date = "2020-12-12"
tags = ["school", "academic", "reviews"]
categories = ["school"]
[[images]]
  src = "img/2020/12/2021s1ts.png"
  alt = "My Grades"
  stretch = "stretchH"
+++

As a CS student, watching recorded lectures was already a norm. Having live tutorials was a relatively new experience, but was something I adapted to quickly.

Online lessons seemed more of a blessing than a curse as it significantly cut down on the time I spent travelling. On second thought, it also reduced the amount of excercise I did so that might not have been for the best.

I also recently started to appreciate how lucky I was to have a stable family life, after hearing how some of my friends' having their grades negatively impacted by their family situation.

Without further ado, here are some thoughts of the modules I took. Note that these reviews are highly biased and you might want to take them with a grain of salt.

**CS2106: INTRODUCTION TO OPERATING SYSTEMS**

Expected Grade: A

Received Grade: A+

Taught by: Prof Cristina Carbunaru

Core module with fairly simple content. Labs were managable, and content for the exam can be crammed in a few days.

Learnt the roles of an operating system, further building on the concepts in CS2100. The most memorable content for me was the scheduling algorithmns and multithreading. It certainly gave me pointers as to how to optimise code for future projects.

**CS5236 ADVANCED AUTOMATA THEORY**

Expected Grade: B

Received Grade: B+

Taught by: Prof Frank Christian Stephan

Really hard, as expected of a 5k coded-module. Originally wanted to drop, but glad I did not.

**ES2660 COMMUNICATING IN THE INFORMATION AGE**

Expected Grade: B+

Received Grade: S

Taught by: Noor Lyna Binte Zainuddin

If you could not already tell, my essay writing skills are not exactly the best. However, it was a really fun module where I talked to people and made friends. Even though it was an 8am module, Covid meant that I did not need to wake up much earlier.

Since it was my intention to S/U this module from the very start, it was actually quite liberating to actually be able to talk freely to others about various topics. 

**GES1035 SINGAPORE: IMAGINING THE NEXT 50 YEARS**

Received Grade: CS

Taught by: Nurul Nasyirah Binte Mohd Noor

An ungraded module. While I had to write essays for my CA and final exam, there was no pressure whatsoever. As long as you can write something half decent, you are sure to pass.

**MA2101 LINEAR ALGEBRA II**

Expected Grade: B+

Received Grade: A-

Taught by: Prof Lee Soo Teck

A typical math module with high weightage on exams. Lectures were not particularly memorable. Learnt more about eigenspaces and Jorden forms.   


**MA3110 MATHEMATICAL ANALYSIS II**

Expected Grade: B+

Received Grade: A

Taught by: Prof Bao Huanchen 

Surprisingly this module has a 70% weightage on homework. I really liked how the prof encouraged us to work together to do homework. One memorable thing I heard during lecture was the story of how the prof decided to become a professor. Something interesting I learnt was that functions which are continuous at only 1 point exist.

**MA3205 SET THEORY** 

Expected Grade: B+

Received Grade: A+

Taught by: Prof Yang Yue

A typical math module with 100% weightage on exams. Lectures were not particularly memorable, but he tried to include some history lessons which I thought was cool. Learnt about the famous axiom of choice which I thought was fairly interesting.

