+++
title = "A review of the things I did over the December Holidays!"
description = "A stressful vaccation indeed."
date = "2021-01-10"
tags = ["misc"]
categories = ["misc"]
[[images]]
  src = "img/2020/12/winter-vacation.jpeg"
  alt = "Winter Vacation"
  stretch = "stretchH"
+++

Originally I wanted to do an internship for the holidays, but I was unfortunately unable to secure any. Seeing how I still do not have an internship lined up for Summer 2021, there was a need to improve my chances at securing one.

**Website**

My previous website was last updated a long time ago, and needed to be redone. Read more about my experience in building this website here.

**Open Source Projects**

[RepoSense](https://github.com/reposense/RepoSense) 

The truth was that I did not originally plan to take CS3281. However, I felt that the open source projects which are under CS3281 are quite beginner friendly and easy to get into. And so I worked on one such project, which is Reposense, and was recommended to the professor to take CS3281.


**Hackathons**

[Hack&Roll](https://hacknroll.nushackers.org/) 8–9 January 2021

[GameCraft! 2020](https://itch.io/jam/gamecraft-2020/entries) 2–9 January 2021

These two hackathons having overlapping timeframes had been an incredibly challenging experience.


**Internship Hunting**

Sadly despite the numerous applications which I had sent out, I had yet to recieve an offer. Regardless, I have learnt a lot from the interview process, and it reminded me that I need to sound confident even in online interviews, which I struggle with. I have a plan as to how to achieve so, so stay tuned to my future posts!

Furthermore, I was unable to pass some of the coding tests which I was given. Perhaps it is time for me to go back to grinding leetcode?

**Having Fun**

I never forget to have fun, though that might be a problem upon itself. Neon Genesis Evangelion, considered to be a classic Japanese animation, had been in my plan to watch list for a long time. Given that I had the time, I wanted to see just why it was so celebrated. To say the least, I wasn't disappointed, but I did think that it was overrated by today's standard. Almost none of the mysteries surrounding the show were resolved at the end, and most of the other character besides the main lead barely showed any considerable character development. It might not have been a show which aged well, but I do recognise that it was the inspiration for many works after it, and I appreciate that very much. 